c:\users\heather\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\bin\Debug\AnimeUploader.exe.config
c:\users\heather\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\bin\Debug\AnimeUploader.exe
c:\users\heather\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\bin\Debug\AnimeUploader.pdb
c:\users\heather\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\heather\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\heather\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\heather\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\heather\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\heather\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\obj\Debug\AnimeUploader_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\heather\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\obj\Debug\AnimeUploader_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\heather\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\heather\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\obj\Debug\AnimeUploader.g.resources
c:\users\heather\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\obj\Debug\AnimeUploader.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\heather\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\obj\Debug\AnimeUploader.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\heather\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\obj\Debug\AnimeUploader.exe
c:\users\heather\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\obj\Debug\AnimeUploader.pdb
C:\Users\Heather\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\bin\Debug\animelist.xml
C:\Users\Heather\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\obj\Debug\AnimeUploader_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Heather\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\bin\Debug\Dapper.dll
C:\Users\Heather\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\bin\Debug\Dapper.pdb
C:\Users\Heather\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\bin\Debug\Dapper.xml
C:\Users\Heather\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AnimeUploader\AnimeUploader\obj\Debug\AnimeUploader.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
